stretching is no different from strength
training if you're a bodybuilder you
know about 10 sets a week is good for
building muscle can you tell I don't
train like a bodybuilder just kidding I
do train like a bodybuilder except
instead of doing squats for my quads or
rdls for my hamstrings I'm doing hip
flexor stretches for my quads and
hamstring stretches so I can do stuff
like the splits if you picture every
second you hold a stretch as one rep it
turns out about 30 reps is best for
flexibility games give or take 10 better
than either 60 seconds or 15 seconds
great so 30 seconds is best but how many
sets it's funny you ask because just
like bodybuilding about 10 sets is what
you want I train almost identically to a
bodybuilder but my exercise choices
result in something way different so
treat stretching like a workout stretch
intensely but not painfully 30 seconds
for every set and hit 10 sets a week I
forgot to mention if you don't want to
be a lifeless flexible spaghetti noodle
at least half of your sets should be
active but I'll explain that tomorrow
stay flexy